links to intro notebooks (#126)
aguirre-lab/ml4c3-wiki: Intros-and-Demos.md

> We've created introductory notebooks to orient new users to working with different data modalities and our codebase. A prerequisite to trying the notebooks is launching [[Jupyter lab]] (see instructions).

Reviewer: 1. Consider moving this to https://github.com/aguirre-lab/ml4c3#how-do-i-use-ml4c3 or elsewhere on the `README`.

2. Consider reorganizing these intro notebooks together instead of having them organized in their parent modality folders.
```
/notebooks/intro/ecg.ipynb
/notebooks/intro/bedmaster.ipynb
```

3. Consider rephrasing to match the workflow of the user rather than just linking to the source NB URL:
```suggestion
New users can learn the basics of `ml4c3` with introductory notebooks that walk through data modalities and concepts.

1. Launch [[Jupyter Lab]].
2. In the left navigation pane, go to the `ml4c3` repo and navigate to `/notebooks/intro`.
3. Double-click on the notebook of interest to launch. 
```

4. @epalto is still fixing the wiki repo and asked us to avoid merging PRs until he gives the green light.

Reviewer: @epalto Is the wiki repo good to go?
